= static_image_download

Lib (module) for parsing URL and download all images to a specified directory. Can parse without nokogiri, hpricot, URL_EXTRACT (optional). Use curb for fast download. Possible use Net::HTTP for download.

Install gem:

<code>sudo gem install static_image_download</code>

Use it in your project:

<code>require 'static_image_download'</code>
<code>include StaticImageDownloader</code>

<code># Specify download URL in d_url variable</code>
<code># d_url = "http://edition.cnn.com/"</code>

<code># Specify download dir in d_dir variable</code>
<code># d_dir = Dir::pwd + "/my_images"</code>

<code>image_downloader = Downloader.new(d_url, d_dir)</code>
<code>image_downloader.parse_images       # use default parameters</code>
<code>image_downloader.parallel_download  # use default parameters</code>

== Contributing to static_image_download
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Wiseland. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

